Restructure and update contributing guides (#871)
timescale/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Introduction
Join the community in making TimescaleDB documentation better. Issues and pull

> requests are highly welcome. 

Author: ```suggestion
requests are always welcome. 
```

|`children`|Optional|An array containing the child pages for the page. Child-page properties are defined in the same way as parent-page properties. Child pages can be nested inside other child pages to form multiple levels. The filenames provided in `href` should be located in a sub-folder with the same name as the parent page.|
|`keywords`|Optional|An array of keywords to be displayed at the bottom of the page.|
|`excerpt`|Optional|A short description of the page. Excerpts are displayed within Related Content cards at the bottom of each page.|

> |`relatedPages`|Optional|An array of pathnames to be displayed as Related Content at the bottom of the page. For example, `["/promscale/:currentVersion:/installation/"]`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`relatedPages`|Optional|An array of path names to be displayed as Related Content at the bottom of the page. For example, `["/promscale/:currentVersion:/installation/"]`|
```
